this is a sick old world kid you got to
change things boys and girls can change
the world absolutely there are two kinds
of people in the world people who love
Jesus and people who don't
where should we be putting our focus
I'll tell you where our enemies are
putting it they're putting it on the
kids how long you been Christian at five
I got saved yes I just wanting more of
life you're going to Palestine they're
taking their kids the camps like we take
our kids to Bible camps and they're
putting hand grenades in their hands
there's an excitement yet there's a
peace with it all - it's really cool I
really feel that we're a key generation
to Jesus coming back and we are a
generation that needs to rise up and run
with that time how do you want to be
those who would give up their lives for
Jesus
being trained to be God's army
beginnings of a movement raise up
righteous judges there's a new church
like this every two days in America 25%
of American population that's about 80
million people if the evangelicals vote
they determine the election they've
taken over the White House Congress the
judiciary for a generation this is just
the tip of the iceberg
are you a part of it or not